review and apply terminology update to terminology section only (#165)
dcdpr/did-btc1: chapters/Terminology.md

## Terminology

BTC1 Beacon

: A BTC1 Beacon is an abstract mechanism, identified by a ::Beacon Address::, that is included as a service in a DID document to indicate to resolvers that spends from this address, called Beacon Signals, should be checked for ::BTC1 Beacon Announcements::. 

BTC1 Beacons

: ::BTC1 Beacon::

> BTC1 Beacon's

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

: ::BTC1 Beacon::

Beacon Address
  
: A Beacon Address is a Bitcoin address that has been included in the service of DID document as 
  a service endpoint.

Beacon Signal

> : Beacon Signals are Bitcoin transactions that spend from a ::Beacon Address:: 

Author: So start with the singular i think is what you are saying

> : Beacon Signals are Bitcoin transactions that spend from a ::Beacon Address:: 

Author: Resovling this so I can address both lines

> : Beacon Signals are Bitcoin transactions that spend from a ::Beacon Address:: 
>   and have been included in the Bitcoin blockchain for a specified ::confirmation time::. 

Author: ```suggestion
: A Beacon Signal is a Bitcoin transaction that spend from a ::Beacon Address:: 
  and has been included in the Bitcoin blockchain for a specified ::confirmation time::. 
```

@KDean-Dolphin does this address your concern

  is defined by the ::Beacon Type::.

BTC1 Beacon Announcements

: ::BTC1 Beacon Announcement::

BTC1 Update

: A capability invocation secured using Data Integrity that invokes an authorization capability to update a specific did:btc1 DID document. 
  The signed payload includes a JavaScript Object Notation (JSON) Patch object defining a set of mutations to the DID document being updated.

BTC1 Updates

: ::BTC1 Update::

Pending BTC1 Update

: A Pending BTC1 Update is a ::BTC1 Update:: that has not yet been announced in an ::Authorized Beacon Signal::.

Pending BTC1 Updates

: ::Pending BTC1 Update::

Announced BTC1 Update

: An Announced BTC1 Update is a ::BTC1 Update:: that has been announced in an ::Authorized Beacon Signal:: 
which has met the specified threshold for confirmation.

Announced BTC1 Updates

: ::Announced BTC1 Update::

Beacon Type

: The type of a ::BTC1 Beacon::. The Beacon Type defines how ::BTC1 Beacon Announcements:: 
  are included within a ::Beacon Signal:: broadcast on the Bitcoin network. It also defines 
  how the content committed within ::BTC1 Beacon Announcements:: can be verified 
  against the ::Beacon Signal::.

Singleton Beacon

> : A type of ::BTC1 Beacon:: whose ::Beacon Signals:: contain a single ::BTC1 Beacon Announcement::.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
: A type of ::BTC1 Beacon:: whose ::Beacon Signals:: each contain a single ::BTC1 Beacon Announcement::.
```

Map Beacon

: A type of ::BTC1 Beacon:: which aggregates multiple ::BTC1 Beacon Announcements::. 
  A ::Beacon Signal:: from a Map Beacon commits to a ::Beacon Announcement Map::.

Beacon Announcement Map

: A document that maps did:btc1 identifiers to ::BTC1 Beacon Announcements::. 
  This is used to distinguish which ::BTC1 Beacon Announcement:: applies to which 
  did:btc1 identifier.

SMT Beacon

: A type of ::BTC1 Beacon:: which aggregates multiple ::BTC1 Beacon Announcements::.  
  A Beacon Signal from an SMT Beacon contains the root of an optimized sparse Merkle tree.

Beacon Cohort

: The set of unique cryptographic keys participating in a ::BTC1 Beacon:: that are required to
authorize spends from the ::Beacon Address::.

Beacon Aggregator

: The entity that coordinates the protocols of an aggregate ::BTC1 Beacon::. 
Specifically the Create Beacon Cohort and Announce Beacon Signal protocols.

Beacon Participant

: A member of a ::Beacon Cohort::, typically a DID controller, that controls cryptographic keys required 
to partially authorize spends from a ::Beacon Address::.

> Merkle Tree

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sparse Merkle Tree
```
